hoping to have more control 20 Rogers we
took you now ladies and gentlemen to
plenty Roger's corner ladoos express to
mr. Roger's corner those of mr. Rogers
alone not necessarily those of us here
on championship lusting over the station
now to Buddy Rogers welcome ladies and
gentlemen my guest this week the World
Wrestling Federation heavyweight
champion Bob back ladies and gentlemen I
would like to say before we get underway
here that the victory magazine has got a
display on Bob doing what he loves to do
best and that is work with the children
and help them along the best he can
maybe someday to become a champion like
he is one in front of the victory
magazine naturally is sergeant slaughter
but I would like to say one thing Bobby
and that is if ever now I speak from the
heart if ever I seen anyone in my life
that I've seen many athletes that I
thought were in superb shape great
condition by golly your head and
shoulders above them all and I mean that
and I
like to say how do you do it well I do a
lot of hard work and I could take one
look at you sir and I know you're in
great great shape and you can really
handle yourself but I train real real
hard and you know I've changed my
workouts completely here in the last two
years with no weightlifting at all and
they decide to doing so much traveling
that I've adapted it so I could train
right in my room and with that step test
and I've been using this exercise wheel
and it's really a great exercise you
know this young man here that isn't
where that's today because of a wrestler
and this exercise wheel is one of the
things that's going to help him to the
road maybe back into that ring and it's
an exercise that's really great for
wrestling whether the amateur wrestling
or professional wrestling in next week I
hope to demonstrate this wheel I hope to
do it I'm gonna try to do it for the
whole hour I've never done it for that
long but I want to give Eddie Gilbert I
want to give him all of fire
and I want to give him a goal because he
can't give up he's got to keep fighting
we can't let guys like that get away
with what they've gotten away with
Bobby I feel so bad about what happened
to Eddie Gilbert really I do and I know
how you feel and I know everybody in
this audience would love to see Eddie
back again but I will say with a guy
like you in his corner I'm sure he'll
make it back a lot sooner and next week
we will be looking forward to you doing
this Bob Backlund wheel let's hope you
can do it for a solid hour thank you and
with that we'll go back the ringside
restaurant